Hahaha
Master
You have occupied the throne of the previous king for a long time
It's time.
It's my turn.
Hahahaha
You can't save people today
You can't even save yourself
What!
On the sword just now
Poisonous
Hahahahaha
Qingyun Xianju
You have been poisoned by Tianjue
Once the cultivation base is used again
You die instantly.
Master, you go after me first
Ah!
The dream has not arrived
Protect the common people
It's our responsibility
How can you back away
Could it be the destruction of ten parties?
Master, no!
Hero bullying is imminent
May the night sky invade Zhuge
Is it the legend that you need to gather the power of all living beings?
Zhiqiang opinions expressed
qingyun
You crazy woman
You actually forcibly used your cultivation base to kill this move
Are you going to die?
I will kill the world
But no regrets
I have one.